Small Implementations:
The location dropdown menu for the new session is clipping into the text, search bars and button for the song selection. Please change the dropdown menu for location to be the same system used for the song selection, where they can check it off (but only allow one location to be checked, not multiple selections.

Move the sign out button to be above the danger zone, and make just the button, and it’s text and icon red, similar to the delete session data button.

Add the users username in the personal details box in their profile. Ensure it cannot be changed, but just displays. Use the same visual format that is used for First Name, Last Name, and Default Location, but darker to indicate it is not changeable. Also change the text “Default Location” to just say “Location”

The friends list I want to appear as a leaderboard of just your friends, organized by total number of dances in their song library.

On the home page, I want additional stats, like “dances learned this month” (quantity, not listed), “most recently added dance” (listed), “most danced day” (date and quantity of dances), average dances per session (avg), change favorite dance to “top 3 dances”  , "your dance mix" (a pie chart diagram of the user's percentage of each dance style they do, based on their sessions, not dance library), "favorite dance style", (highest percentage of dance style based on sessions) 

In the library, I want to swap the locations of song name and dance name. I want the primary focus to be the song name + artist, and the smaller text where the song name is currently should be the dance name

I want to not use pull down to refresh for mobile devices. Add a small refresh icon in the top right of the buddy page that reloads the page for situations like when a buddy request is sent while both users have the app open. Ensure this refresh button does not have a label, and is just the icon. This should reload the page, opening to the buddy page.
  
Bigger Implementations:
Implement a Buddy page challenges tab:
Add the ability to challenge friends to a “dance-off” (head-to-head for a direct challenge against one other user, or a showdown for a group challenge) where a user can challenge a friend, (or friends) to see who can complete the most dances over a set amount of hours, with a max of 12 hours. (determined by a slider). The timer starts when the sender sends out the challenge. Group battles should be able to be joined by a 6 digit alphanumeric code. You should not be able to join a showdown after the timer expires. 
For the showdowns, when the time is over, the results should post somewhere in the buddy tab, on an interactive button that opens to display  the total dances for each challenger, in a leaderboard, with a gold trophy icon for first place, a silver trophy icon for second place, and a bronze trophy icon for 3rd place. All other places should just have their respective number (4th, 5th, etc.).
For head-to-head challenges, After the designated time is over, the results should post similarly to the showdown results, in the same location, with first place getting a gold trophy icon and second getting a silver trophy icon in the leaderboard.
Only dances that are marked as completed during that period of time should count for the total. Dances must be added to sessions of the same day that the challenge was started for them to be added. Any dances added to after the challenge period should not be counted in the results. 
All Results and total dance values for competitions should be separate so they cannot be modified after challenge completion.  

Implement a secondary library specifically for swing + categories:   
I want a toggle switch added to new session / edit season tab. You should be able to toggle between Swing songs and Line Dance songs. When adding a swing song, all you need is the following: song name, artist, search by Spotify bar (which fills in the song name and artist), and a selectable style category; West Coast Swing, East Coast Swing, Country Swing, Two-Step, or Other (which prompts a text entry). All dances made in the line dance tab should be added to a hidden line style category.
I want the style category of each dance to appear in the library on it’s respective song, and in session creation / edits library. (this should be displayed in the following shorthand, small text color coded: 
(Line Dance)LINE: hex 55311C (brown)
(West Coast Swing)WCS: hex 3B82F6 (blue)
(East Coast Swing)ECS: hex EC4899 (pink)
(Country Swing)CSW: hex D85C31 (orange)
(Two-Step)TWO: hex 9512C9 (purple)
(Other)OTHER: hex 22C55E (green))
I want another tab in the library that is almost identical in function to the line dance library. It should only add songs that are in the WCS, ECS, CSW, TWO, or OTHER style category. It should use the swing addition that only requests song name, artist, has the spotify search bar (that fills in song name and artist), and the selectable style of West Coast Swing, East Coast Swing, Country Swing, Two-Step, or Other.     
Note: When a user adds a swing song to their sessions, it should still be added to the session and counted. just indicated that it was a swing song (by the shorthand color coded tag that should be visible)

I want the user to be able to select what statistics they want to show on their homepage. There should be "edit homepage" button at the bottom that brings you to a toggleable list that shows all the statistics currently available, and they can toggle them on or off if they dont apply to them, or don't want to see them. They should hit save, at the bottom, and their homepage should refresh, and have just their requested statistics. All statistics should be toggled on before the user makes any personal changes.