A Linedancing Tracking App called “BootMetrics”, it’s dashboard opens to a greeting that says “Hi (user’s first name),” and in smaller text below, in a slightly lighter color it says “Ready to get dancing?”. Below these shows a few statistics; Your Total Dances done throughout all your sessions, Your Longest Streak of days dancing in a row, your total days of dancing done, How many different locations you’ve visited, your most frequent location, and your most frequently danced dance. At the top right hand corner is a profile icon. This can be clicked and brought to a profile page, where the user can input their first name, their last name, and their location. The user’s first name will replace (user’s first name)on the greeting on the dashboard. In the profile tab, there will also be a delete data button. This will prompt you to either; delete just session data, delete just song library data, or delete all data.

There should be a navigation bar at the bottom with 3 pages; 1) home (dashboard) 2) calendar, 3) song library

On the calendar page, there should be an intractable calendar that allows you to select a day, from which you can; create a session, or modify a session (if one is already created).
The session should contain the following data; date, location, and dances done (which is linked to the song library). The user should be able to add dances to the song library when creating a session, and select them to be added to the list for the session. Each song/dance in the song library needs the following data; a unique randomly generated 6 digit id (hidden), the name of the dance, the name of the song, and a rating of 1-5 stars.
The calendar should visibly mark the days with sessions, and show the number of dances 

For the song library, there should be a button that allows for adding songs into the library, without marking them as danced. It should prompt for the same data, the name of the dance the name of the song, and a rating of 1-5 stars. (Please also randomly generate a unique 6 digit id). The library’s should also be able to be modified, so each song’s data can be edited, with the exception of the 6 digit id. The song name, dance name, and the rating should be allowed to be changed. In the library page, each dance should have an edit button and a delete button. The edit button will open the editing prompt, allowing for changes to be made to songs but the delete button will prompt with a “are you sure?”, to which the user will hit yes or no to completely remove the song from the library, and in turn, removing it’s total count from the overall total count of dances danced.