Library
Other
Start applicationWebsite
Improve homepage customization and visual appeal across the app

A Linedancing Tracking App called “BootMetrics”, it’s dashboard opens to a greeting that says “Hi (user’s first name),” and in smaller text below, in a slightly lighter color it says “Ready to get dancing?”. Below these shows a few statistics; Your Total Dances done throughout all your sessions, Your Longest Streak of days dancing in a row, your total days of dancing done, How many different locations you’ve visited, your most frequent location, and your most frequently danced dance. At the top right hand corner is a profile icon. This can be clicked and brought to a profile page, where the user can input their first name, their last name, and their location. The user’s first name will replace (user’s first name)on the greeting on the dashboard. In the profile tab, there will also be a delete data button. This will prompt you to either; delete just session data, delete just song library data, or delete all data.

There should be a navigation bar at the bottom with 3 pages; 1) home (dashboard) 2) calendar, 3) song library

On the calendar page, there should be an intractable calendar that allows you to select a day, from which you can; create a session, or modify a session (if one is already created).
The session should contain the following data; date, location, and dances done (which is linked to the song library). The user should be able to add dances to the song library when creating a session, and select them to be added to the list for the session. Each song/dance in the song library needs the following data; a unique randomly generated 6 digit id (hidden), the name of the dance, the name of the song, and a rating of 1-5 stars.
The calendar should visibly mark the days with sessions, and show the number of dances

For the song library, there should be a button that allows for adding songs into the library, without marking them as danced. It should prompt for the same data, the name of the dance the name of the song, and a rating of 1-5 stars. (Please also randomly generate a unique 6 digit id). The library’s should also be able to be modified, so each song’s data can be edited, with the exception of the 6 digit id. The song name, dance name, and the rating should be allowed to be changed. In the library page, each dance should have an edit button and a delete button. The edit button will open the editing prompt, allowing for changes to be made to songs but the delete button will prompt with a “are you sure?”, to which the user will hit yes or no to completely remove the song from the library, and in turn, removing it’s total count from the overall total count of dances danced.
4 months ago
Republish
Brady published about 1 hour ago
Visibility:
Public

The profile page is not functional, it crashes when you click the icon in the top right. The icon in the top left is obsolete and should be replaced by the bootmetrics logo.

The calendar function to add songs to a session does not allow for scrolling when there are more songs than can be displayed, please accommodate this so that songs can be manually found, or searched, and ensure that they are sorted by song title in both the session add song markers, and in the song library.
4 months ago

I've fixed the profile page crash, replaced the obsolete icon with the BootMetrics logo, and improved the session song selection with search, scrolling, and sorting. Does everything look good now?

Does everything look right — the new stat cards, the Honky Tonk credits, and the challenge fixes?

You've reached your monthly free quota limit. It will reset on June 5, 2026.

I want the stats on the home page to able to be reorganized / reordered by reordering the list in the edit homepage button.  If a smaller statistic block is alone in a row, it should be centered between the other statistics blocks, still a maximum of 2 smaller statistic blocks in a single row.

Change the logo on the home page header to be the supplied "LineUp_tagline.png"
Change the logo for the login screen to be "LineUp_Stacked_tagline.png", and remove the text that reads "Your Dances. Your Stats" below the image.

The following statistics are not being shown on inital login, despite being toggled in the edit homepage menu:
Top 3 Swings Songs

the following statistics blocks are not matching formatting: of the other ones. 
Your Dance Mix, Top 3 Line Dances, Top 3 Swing Songs 
The title font, font size, and font color differ from the other statistic blocks, make them the same as the other blocks
The icons are on the top left, when they should be on the top right, same as the other blocks.

Favorite dance is still displaying the dance name, instead of the song name, and dance name below it. Structure it similarly to the Most recently added statistic block.

The swipe to delete function for the results works properly, but the red trash box/icon are appearing on top of the results, it should be behind it, and reveal with a swipe.

Can you add a fade to page function, if you swap from home to calendar, or library, it dissolves / fades instead of directly loading the page. Make it more fluid / smooth loading.

the honky tonk heat logo in the profile tab should be about 300% larger. Increase the opacity to approximately 60%.
23 minutes ago

Continue building
20 minutes ago

Can you change all the code blocks to be the smaller size, in the 2x2